Update service catalog CRD chart (#3972)
kyma-project/kyma: resources/service-catalog/charts/catalog-crds/README.md

storage, message-oriented middleware, and more.

For more information,
[visit the project on github](https://github.com/kubernetes-incubator/service-catalog).

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.9+ with Beta APIs enabled
- `charts/catalog` already exists in your local machine

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `catalog`:

```bash
$ helm install . --name catalog --namespace catalog
```

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `catalog` deployment:

```bash
$ helm delete --purge catalog
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and
deletes the release.

## Configuration

The following tables lists the configurable parameters of the Service Catalog
chart and their default values.

| Parameter | Description | Default |
|-----------|-------------|---------|
| `image` | Service catalog image to use | `quay.io/kubernetes-service-catalog/service-catalog:v0.1.41` |
| `imagePullPolicy` | `imagePullPolicy` for the service catalog | `Always` |
| `webhook.updateStrategy` | `updateStrategy` for the service catalog webhook deployment | `RollingUpdate` |

> | `webhook.minReadySeconds` | how many seconds an webhook server pod needs to be ready before killing the next, during update | `1` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `webhook.minReadySeconds` | Specifies how many seconds a webhook server Pod needs during an update before killing the next {what}. | `1` |
```

Reviewer: Please add the missing info

| `controllerManager.minReadySeconds` | how many seconds a controllerManager pod needs to be ready before killing the next, during update | `1` |
| `controllerManager.annotations` | Annotations for controllerManager pods | `{}` |
| `controllerManager.nodeSelector` | A nodeSelector value to apply to the controllerManager pods. If not specified, no nodeSelector will be applied | |
| `controllerManager.healthcheck.enabled` | Enable readiness and liveliness probes | `true` |
| `controllerManager.verbosity` | Log level; valid values are in the range 0 - 10 | `10` |
| `controllerManager.resyncInterval` | How often the controller should resync informers; duration format (`20m`, `1h`, etc) | `5m` |
| `controllerManager.brokerRelistInterval` | How often the controller should relist the catalogs of ready brokers; duration format (`20m`, `1h`, etc) | `24h` |
| `controllerManager.brokerRelistIntervalActivated` | Whether or not the controller supports a --broker-relist-interval flag. If this is set to true, brokerRelistInterval will be used as the value for that flag. | `true` |
| `controllerManager.profiling.disabled` | Disable profiling via web interface host:port/debug/pprof/ | `false` |

> | `controllerManager.profiling.contentionProfiling` | Enables lock contention profiling, if profiling is enabled | `false` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **controllerManager.profiling.contentionProfiling** | Enables lock contention profiling, if profiling is enabled. | `false` |
```

> | `controllerManager.leaderElection.activated` | Whether the controller has leader election enabled | `false` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **controllerManager.leaderElection.activated** | Specifies if the controller has leader election enabled. | `false` |
```

> | `controllerManager.serviceAccount` | Service account | `service-catalog-controller-manager` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **controllerManager.serviceAccount** | Specifies the service account. | `service-catalog-controller-manager` |
```

| `controllerManager.enablePrometheusScrape` | Whether the controller will expose metrics on /metrics | `false` |

> | `controllerManager.resources` | Resources allocation (Requests and Limits) | `{requests: {cpu: 100m, memory: 20Mi}, limits: {cpu: 100m, memory: 30Mi}}` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **controllerManager.resources** | Specifies resources allocation (requests and limits). | `{requests: {cpu: 100m, memory: 20Mi}, limits: {cpu: 100m, memory: 30Mi}}` |
```

> | `rbacEnable` | If true, create & use RBAC resources | `true` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **rbacEnable** | If set to `true`, you can create and use RBAC resources. | `true` |
```

> | `originatingIdentityEnabled` | Whether the OriginatingIdentity feature should be enabled | `true` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **originatingIdentityEnabled** | Specifies if the OriginatingIdentity feature is enabled. | `true` |
```

> | `asyncBindingOperationsEnabled` | Whether or not alpha support for async binding operations is enabled | `false` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **asyncBindingOperationsEnabled** | Specifies if the alpha support for async binding operations is enabled. | `false` |
```

> | `namespacedServiceBrokerDisabled` | Whether or not alpha support for namespace scoped brokers is disabled | `false` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **namespacedServiceBrokerDisabled** | Specifies is the alpha support for Namespace-scoped brokers is disabled. | `false` |
```

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to
`helm install`.

> Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can create a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters 
```

> provided while installing the chart. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
while installing the chart. For example:
```

```bash

> $ helm install . --name catalog --namespace catalog --values values.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
helm install . --name catalog --namespace catalog --values values.yaml
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure we need this command.
